Add elixir analyzer comment dna-encoding about tail call (#2255)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/elixir/dna-encoding/use_tail_call_recursion.md

# use tail call recursion

The purpose of this exercise is to teach tail call recursion. Solve it without using recursive functions that are not tail-recursive.

Tail-recursive functions found in your solution: %{tail_call_recursive_functions}. Other recursive functions found in your solution: %{non_tail_call_recursive_functions}.

> Remember, tail call recursion is if the _last_ expression evaluated by the function is a call to itself.

Author: ```suggestion
Remember, tail call recursion happens when the _last_ expression evaluated by the function is a call to itself.
```
